This project aims to develop a web application that monitors product prices on Amazon and notifies users when there is a price drop or discount offer available. By leveraging web scraping techniques, the application will extract up-to-date pricing information from Amazon's website and compare it against user-specified target prices or previous prices. Users will be alerted through the application’s interface or via email/push notifications when desirable price changes occur, enabling them to take advantage of cost savings promptly. The application will be built using the Next.js 14 framework, a React-based framework for server-rendered applications, and TypeScript for enhanced type safety and maintainability. The web scraping functionality will be implemented using a combination of Node.js and third-party libraries or APIs designed for web scraping and data extraction. The application's backend will handle data storage, price monitoring, and notification delivery mechanisms.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7042c017-ca73-459e-9c37-62840c03b108)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2109d134-5384-4777-9292-3808b868555e)
Through its innovative combination of price tracking 
and seller-buyer communication, the application 
delivers a holistic solution that benefits consumers 
and local merchants alike. Built using Next.js 14 and 
TypeScript, 
the platform ensures scalability, 
maintainability, and user-friendly interaction, making 
it a valuable tool for today’s e-commerce landscape. 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bb10b604-8aa8-48fb-a137-82c664db82e5)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/51fecba3-8b34-409b-8251-84905d0334e5)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/765c11a9-edb7-4fe1-9863-9278af59258f)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08ef5edf-1003-4819-ab32-4df5800ad98d)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/efb8d123-41b6-43cb-8b85-2cadb1ee0c47)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/55a7a2cd-9343-4116-8dbc-79756c5022be)
By supporting direct transactions between users and 
local sellers, the application encourages users to 
purchase products locally, which can help strengthen 
regional economies and reduce the environmental 
impact of shipping goods from abroad. This 
functionality aims to boost the visibility of local 
businesses and provide a sustainable alternative to 
global e-commerce platforms, all while ensuring that 
users can make informed, cost-effective purchasing 
decisions.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ef2142f-daa8-46fb-b36b-64a7f3922d72)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/53858800-0a79-4183-ab50-1699a2ef1a3b)
With its direct buyer-seller interaction model, the 
application eliminates middlemen, allowing for more 
transparent and efficient transactions. This approach 
not only benefits consumers through cost savings and 
quicker access to products but also strengthens local 
economies by increasing the visibility and sales of 
regional businesses.



